KaZaA Privacy Statement

This privacy statement covers the KaZaA Media Desktop (KMD) application 
and the KaZaA website (www.kazaa.com).

If users have questions or concerns regarding this statement, they should 
contact privacy@sharmannetworks.com 
 
Information Collection and Use

Information Collection
Sharman Networks is the sole owner of the information collected through the 
KMD. Sharman Networks collects information from our users at several 
different points.

Installation of KMD

When the KMD runs for the first time you are asked to provide a user name, 
an email address and whether or not you would like to receive a newsletter. 
Your email address only is transmitted to our web service at this time and 
after you update your email address. This information is used solely to 
provide you with service announcements (including new services and 
upgrades) and newsletters which you can choose not to receive.

Cookies
A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user's computer tied to information 
about the user. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally 
identifiable information while on our site or using the KMD. Cookies can be 
removed by following Internet browser help file directions. 
Cookies are used within the KMD and on the website to help us to help you 
ensure that you get the best out of KMD. For example, the cookie stores 
which version number KMD you are currently using. When you try to launch 
the KMD with an outdated version we are able to suggest at that time that 
you upgrade to the latest version. 

We do not store your name, your email address, your username or any other 
personally identifiable data in the cookie.

Some of our business partners use cookies on our site (for example, 
advertisers). We have no access to or control over these cookies, once we 
have given permission for them to set cookies for advertising. 

The information collected and the uses to which that information can be put 
are set out in our partners' privacy policies: 
http://www.kazaa.com/en/privacy/bundles.htm

Third Party Advertising

The ads appearing on this Web site are delivered to users by Cydoor, our 
Web advertising partner. Information about users' visit to this site, such 
as number of times they have viewed an ad (but not user name, address, or 
other personal information), is used to serve ads to users on this site. 
This privacy statement covers the use of cookies by www.kazaa.com and use 
of the KMD only and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers. 

Log Files
Like most Web site servers we use log files. This includes internet protocol 
(IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit 
pages, platform type, date/time stamp, and number of clicks to analyze 
trends, administer the site, track user's movement in the aggregate, and 
gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. We do not collect 
personal information from logfiles. We use a tracking utility called URCHIN 
that uses log files to analyze user movement. 

Clear Gifs (Web Beacons/Web Bugs)
Like most email newsletters you will receive, we use clear gifs in our HTML-
based emails to let us know which emails have been opened by the recipients. 
This allows us to gauge the effectiveness of certain communications and the 
effectiveness of our marketing campaigns. No personal information is 
transmitted simply that an email was read. If users would like to opt-out of 
these emails, please see the Opt-out section. 

Altnet
KaZaA Media Desktop regularly downloads an index of available Altnet 
content. This index contains a list of available rights managed files and can 
in no way alter KaZaA Media Desktop or any other part of your computer. 
KaZaA Media Desktop downloads this file without collecting any information 
about you or your computer.

Please read the full Altnet Privacy Statement: http://www.altnet.com/privacy.asp

Information Use

Newsletter
If a user wishes to subscribe to our newsletter, we ask for an email address 
when you install the KMD. Out of respect for our users' privacy we provide a 
way to opt-out of these communications. Please see the Choice and Opt-out 
sections.

Service Announcements
On rare occasions it is necessary to send out a strictly service related 
announcement. For instance, if our service is temporarily suspended for 
maintenance we might send users an email. Generally, users may not opt-out 
of these communications. However, these communications are not 
promotional in nature. 

Customer Service
If you email us with queries relating to your KMD we will reply to you by 
email.

Sharing

Legal Disclaimer

We may need to disclose personal information if required by law. For 
example, to comply with a current judicial proceeding, a court order or legal 
process.

Aggregate Information (non-personally identifiable)
We share aggregated demographic information with our partners and 
advertisers. This is not linked to any personally identifiable information. 
For example, we might inform an advertiser what percentage of KMD users are in 
the US. 

Business Transitions

In the event Sharman Networks goes through a business transition, such as a 
merger, being acquired by another company, or selling a portion of its assets, 
users' personal information will, in most instances, be part of the assets 
transferred. Users will be notified via prominent notice on our Web site for 30 
days prior to a change of ownership or control of personal information of 
users held my Sharman Networks. If as a result of the business transition, 
personally identifiable information will be used for a purpose different from 
that stated, or implied, at the time of collection users will be given a choice 
consistent with our notification of changes section.

Choice/Opt-out

Users are given the opportunity to 'opt-out' of having their information used 
for purposes not directly related to our site at the point where we ask for 
information. For example, the KMD registration screen has an 'opt-out' 
mechanism so users who don't want any marketing material, can keep their 
email address off our lists. 

If you are currently receiving the newsletter and you would like to stop 
receiving it, you simply need to change your preferences in the KMD. This will 
transmit to our servers that you no longer want to receive the newsletter next 
time you start your KMD.

If you would like your details completely deleted you should email kazaa-
remove@sharmannetworks.com with your email address in the subject 
line.

Users of our site are always notified when their information is being collected 
by any outside parties. We do this so our users can make an informed choice 
as to whether or not they should proceed with services that require an 
outside party.

Links

This Web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that Sharman 
Networks are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We 
encourage our users to read the privacy statements of each and every Web 
site. 

Surveys & Contests 

From time-to-time our site requests information from users via surveys or 
contests. Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary 
and the user therefore has a choice whether or not to disclose this 
information. The requested information typically includes contact information 
(such as name and shipping address), and demographic information (such as 
zip code). Contact information will be shared with the contest or survey 
sponsors to notify the winners and award prizes or otherwise in accorance 
with the Terms and Conditions of each competition or survey. Anonymous 
Survey information will be used for purposes of monitoring or improving the 
use and satisfaction of this site. Though we may use an intermediary to 
conduct these surveys or contests, they may not use users' personally 
identifiable information for any other purposes. 

Security

We take every reasonable precaution to protect the security of our users' 
information.
Information is stored on secure, password protected servers and is only 
accessible by employees who need the information to perform a specific job 
(for example, a customer service representative). All employees are kept up 
to date on our security and privacy practices. Finally, the servers that store 
personally identifiable information are in a physically secure environment.
If users have any questions about the security at our Web site, users can 
send an email to security@sharmannetworks.com.

Updating Personal Information

Users may gain access to personally identifiable information that Sharman 
Networks has collected about them by emailing us at 
privacy@sharmannetworks.com. If a user's personally identifiable 
information changes such as email address, or if a user no longer desires our 
service, we provide a way to correct, update users' personally identifiable 
information. Users have a responsibility to tell us if their information changes 
as that is the only way we can ensure information is kept accurate and up to 
date. This can be done by selecting Configure Username in the KMD Tools 
menu. 

Notification of Changes

If we decide to change our privacy policy, or practices whether or not they 
effect our handling of personally identifiable information we will post those 
changes to this privacy statement, the homepage, and other places we deem 
appropriate so our users are always aware of what information we collect, 
how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. We will 
use information in accordance with the privacy policy under which the 
information was collected. 

If, however, we are going to use users' personally identifiable information for 
a purpose different from that stated or implied at the time of collection we 
will notify users via email. Users will have a choice as to whether or not we 
use their information in this different manner. However, if users have opted out 
of all communication with the site then they will not be contacted, nor will 
their personal information be used in this new manner. 

Contact Information
If users have any questions or suggestions regarding our privacy policy, 
please contact us at:
privacy@sharmannetworks.com


COPYRIGHT - KaZaA does not condone activities and actions that breach the 
copyright of artists and copyright owners - as a KaZaA user you are bound by the 
KaZaA Terms of Use and laws governing copyright in each country.
