SAVENOW END USER LICENSE AGREEMENT AND PRIVACY STATEMENT

SaveNow, a free offer-companion, is included with Kazaa Media Desktop, 
and provides offers and information based on web addresses visited, entered 
search words and html content.  SaveNow requires NO personal information 
and doesn't collect or send your browsing activity anywhere.  Brought to 
you by the makers of WhenUShop, the "must-have browser plug-in" according 
to CNET.
 
By using SaveNow's revolutionary technology to save you money, you are helping 
us to deliver high quality free software.

END USER LICENSE AGREEMENT

PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING TERMS AND CONDITIONS BEFORE 
DOWNLOADING, INSTALLING AND USING SAVENOW (THE "SOFTWARE") 
PROVIDED BY WHENU.COM, INC. ("WHENU.COM").  USE OF THE 
SOFTWARE IS SUBJECT TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS SET FORTH 
IN THIS LICENSE AGREEMENT (THE "LICENSE AGREEMENT").  BY 
INSTALLING THE SOFTWARE YOU INDICATE YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF THE 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS SET FORTH HEREIN.  WHENU.COM RESERVES 
THE RIGHT TO REVISE THIS LICENSE AGREEMENT AT ANY TIME.

Functionality

SaveNow shows users relevant contextual information and offers as they surf the 
Web. There are a vast number of offers and services available to Internet users 
that SaveNow may display.   In addition, WhenU.com negotiates exclusive offers 
to maximize value for users.  The software's goal is to show users information 
about these offers and services - right at the moment when they need it.  
Offers and information are provided to users by showing a limited number of 
relevant ads in the form of interstitials ("pop-up ads") and other ad formats.  
These offers and ads are shown when users visit various sites across the 
Internet, based on URLs visited by the user and/or search terms typed into 
search engines and/or the HTML content of the page viewed by the user.  SaveNow 
ads/offers are delivered independently from the site the user happens to be 
visiting when they see a SaveNow ad/offer and are not endorsed or affiliated 
with anyone other than WhenU.com.

The License

The software is licensed to you for your personal, non-commercial use only. 
Other than the rights expressly granted to you hereunder, no other right is 
granted to you. Without limitation, you may not: (a) modify or create any 
derivative works of the software or documentation; (b) decompile, disassemble, 
reverse engineer, or otherwise attempt to derive the source code for the 
software; or, without limitation, redistribute, sublicense, or otherwise 
transfer rights to the software.

Age Limitation
WhenU.com products and services are not available to individuals below the age 
of 13.  By accepting this installation, you are representing that you are not a 
minor below the age of 13.

Disclaimer of Warranty

You expressly agree that the use of this software is at your own risk. The 
software is provided on an "As Is" basis, without warranty of any kind, 
including without limitation the warranties that it is free of defects and 
errors, fit for a particular purpose, or non-infringing. WhenU.com reserves 
the right to periodically update and/or upgrade the software at the company's 
discretion.   Your installation of the software indicates your acceptance of 
potential future updates and/or upgrades to the software.

The information and services provided by the software and/or WhenU.com are 
similarly provided on an "As Is" basis, without warranty of any kind.  

The accuracy and reliability of any information content or services provided 
by the software and or WhenU.com should be independently verified by you as 
the user prior to making purchase decisions and or any other decisions based 
on such information content and services.


Privacy

By downloading the software you give permission to WhenU.com to display relevant 
contextual information and offers.  

In order to provide users with such information, WhenU.com delivers content 
based on the URL visited by the user and/or search terms entered by the user 
into a search engine and/or content on the web page being viewed by the user 
and/or the local country and zip code information as provided by the user 
during installation.  

The software protects users' privacy by uploading a database of content to 
individual desktops and then determining on the desktop whether or not to 
retrieve information from WhenU.com or related third-party servers.  User 
privacy is protected in the following manner:

1) Personally identifiable information is NOT required in order to use the 
software.   
2) WhenU.com does NOT transmit URLS visited by the user to WhenU.com or any 
third-party server  
3) WhenU.com does NOT assemble personally-identifiable browsing profiles of users
4) WhenU.com does NOT assemble machine-identifiable browsing profiles of users
5) WhenU.com does NOT track which ads and offers are seen or clicked on by 
individual machines

SaveNow does NOT place any cookies on your desktop.  It is possible that a third 
party advertising on our network might place a cookie on your desktop.  If you 
wish to opt-out from third party cookies, please click on the following link and
 follow the instructions: http://www.networkadvertising.org/optout_nonppii.asp 

Limitation of Liability

To the maximum extent permitted by law, in no event will WhenU.com or its agents 
be liable for any damages arising from the use of or inability to use the 
software, including, without limitation, damages to users' systems and/or 
software and/or data, computer failure or malfunction, computer virus 
transmission, performance delays or communication failures, security breaches 
or any and all other damages or losses. 



 



