Sharman Networks Privacy Statement


This privacy statement covers the Kazaa Media Desktop (KMD) application and 
the Kazaa website (www.kazaa.com).

This privacy statement is limited to personal information (referred to as 
"information"). 

If you have questions or concerns regarding this statement, you should 
contact us using this form : http://www.kazaa.com/us/privacy/privacyform.htm.


Information Collection and Use


Information Collection

Sharman Networks is the sole owner of the information collected through 
the KMD. Sharman Networks collects information from users at several 
different points.


Surveys & Contests

From time-to-time our site requests information from users via surveys or 
contests. 
Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and the 
user therefore has a choice whether or not to disclose this information. 
The requested information typically includes contact information 
(such as name and shipping address), and demographic information 
(such as zip code). Contact information will be shared with the contest 
or survey sponsors to notify the winners and 
award prizes or otherwise in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of 
each competition or survey. Anonymous survey information will be used for 
purposes of improving the use of this site. Though we may use an intermediary 
to conduct these surveys or contests, they may not use users' information 
for any other purposes.


Installation of KMD

When the KMD runs for the first time you are asked to provide a user name, 
an email address and whether or not you would like to receive a newsletter. 
Your email address only is transmitted to our web site at this time and after 
you update your email address. This information is used solely to provide you 
with product announcements (including new features and upgrades) and 
newsletters which you can choose not to receive.

You are also asked what country you live in. This information is used inside 
KMD to customize the application according to which country you are in. 
This information is also used by us to provide you with promotional material 
and offers by our partners that are available in your country. Only your 
country and no other information (personal or otherwise) is used or disclosed. 


Cookies

A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user's computer tied to information 
about the user. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally 
identifiable information while on our site or using the KMD. Cookies can be 
removed by following Internet browser help file directions.

Cookies are used within the KMD and on the website to identify which version 
number KMD you are currently using. When you try to launch the KMD with an 
outdated version we are able to suggest at that time that you upgrade to the 
latest version. Cookies do not enable us to track your activity when using 
KMD or visiting sites other than the Kazaa website. Sharman Networks has no 
ability to supervise, control or know your activity. 

We do not store your name, your email address, your username or any other 
personally identifiable data in the cookie.

Some of our business partners use cookies on our site. We have no access to 
or control over these cookies, once we have given permission for them to set 
cookies for advertising. The information collected and the uses to which that 
information can be put are set out in our partners' privacy policies. This 
privacy statement covers the use of cookies by www.kazaa.com and use of the 
KMD only and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.


Third Party Advertising

i) The ads appearing on this Web site are delivered by our web advertising 
partners: Cydoor, DoubleClick and WhenU. Information about users of KMD 
and kazaa.com, such as the number of times they have viewed an ad (but not 
user name, address, or other personal information), is used to serve ads to 
users on this site.

ii) If you would like more information about the practices of DoubleClick 
please visit http://www.networkadvertising.org/optout_nonppii.asp. 
DoubleClick provides the ad serving technology for advertisers on behalf of 
Sharman Networks.

iii) If you would like more information about Cydoor, please visit: 
http://www.cydoor.com/Cydoor/Company/CompanyPrivacy.htm

iv) If you would like more information about WhenU, please visit:
http://www.whenu.com/privacy.html


Log Files

Like most Web site servers we use log files. This includes internet protocol 
(IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit 
pages, platform type, date/time stamp, and number of clicks to analyze trends, 
administer the site, track users’ movement in the aggregate, and gather broad 
demographic information for aggregate use. We do not collect personal 
information from logfiles. 
We use a tracking utility called URCHIN that uses log files to analyze user 
movement.


Altnet

Kazaa Media Desktop regularly downloads an index of available Altnet content. 
This index contains a list of available rights managed files and can in no 
way alter Kazaa Media Desktop or any other part of your computer. Kazaa Media 
Desktop downloads this file without collecting any information about you or 
your computer.

To read the full Altnet Privacy Statement please visit:
http://www.brilliantdigital.com/content.asp?ID=531 


Information Use

Newsletter

If a user wishes to subscribe to our newsletter, we ask for an email address 
when you install the KMD. Out of respect for users' privacy we provide a way 
to opt-out of these communications. Please see the Choice and Opt-out sections.


Technical Announcements

On rare occasions it is necessary to send out technical announcements. For 
instance, if the kazaa.com website is temporarily suspended we might send 
users an email. These emails are not promotional in nature.


Disclosure of Information

Legal Disclaimer

We may need to disclose personal information if required by law. For example, 
to comply with a current judicial proceeding, a court order or legal process.


Aggregate Information (non-personally identifiable)

We share aggregated demographic information with our partners and advertisers. 
This is not linked to any personally identifiable information. 

KMD’s web search function is provided by a third party. If you choose to use 
the web search function, we will provide the search keywords you enter and 
your country information to our web search provider to enable your search to 
be processed. No other information, personal or otherwise, is provided to our 
web search provider and this information is not used or disclosed by our web 
search provider for any other purpose. If you then access a third party web 
site, that third party may collect information from you directly. Please see 
their privacy policy for how they will handle this information. We have no 
responsibility for the conduct or practices of these third parties. 


Business Transitions

In the event Sharman Networks goes through a business transition, such as a 
merger, being acquired by another company, or selling a portion of its assets, 
users' information will, in most instances, be part of the assets transferred. 
Users will be notified via prominent notice on www.kazaa.com for 30 days prior 
to a change of ownership or control of information of users held by Sharman 
Networks. If as a result of the business transition, information will be used 
for a purpose different from that stated, or implied, at the time of collection 
users will be given a choice consistent with our notification of changes 
section.


Choice/Opt-out

Users are given the opportunity to 'opt-out' of having their information used 
for purposes not directly related to our site at the point where we ask for 
information. For example, the KMD options screen has an 'opt-out' mechanism 
so users who don't want any marketing material, can keep their email address 
off our lists.

If you are currently receiving the newsletter and you would like to stop 
receiving it, you simply need to change your preferences in the KMD. This will 
transmit to our servers that you no longer want to receive the newsletter next 
time you start your KMD.

If you would like your details completely deleted you should let us know using 
this form http://www.kazaa.com/us/privacy/privacyform.htm, with your email 
address in the subject line.

Users of www.kazaa.com are always notified when their information is being 
collected by any outside parties. We do this so our users can make an informed 
choice as to whether or not they should proceed with services that require 
an outside party.


Links

This Web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that Sharman 
Networks is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. 
We encourage users to read the privacy statements of each and every Web site.


Security

We take every reasonable precaution to protect information from misuse, loss 
and unauthorised access. Although we cannot guarantee that users' information
will not be subject to unauthorised access by hackers, we have appropriate 
security procedures in place to protect users' information. Information is 
stored on secure, password protected servers and is only accessible by 
employees who need the information to perform a specific job. All employees 
are kept up to date on our security and privacy practices. Finally, the servers 
that store user information are in a physically secure environment.


Updating Personal Information

Users may gain access to information that Sharman Networks has by requesting 
it using this form: http://www.kazaa.com/us/privacy/privacyform.htm. If a 
user's information changes such as email address, or if a user no longer desires 
email announcements or news letters, we provide a way to correct and update 
users' information. Users have a responsibility to tell us if their information 
changes as that is the only way we can ensure information is kept accurate and 
up to date. This can be done by selecting Configure User Name in the KMD Tools 
menu.


Notification of Changes

If we decide to change our privacy policy, or practices, whether or not they 
effect our handling of user information, we will post those changes to this 
privacy statement, the homepage, and other places we deem appropriate so our 
users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and 
under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. We will use information 
in accordance with the privacy policy under which the information was collected.

If, however, we are going to use users' information for a purpose different 
from that stated or implied at the time of collection we will notify users 
via email. Users will have a choice as to whether or not we use their 
information in this different manner. However, if users have opted out of all 
communication with the site then they will not be contacted, nor will their 
information be used in this new manner.


If you have questions or concerns regarding this statement, you should contact 
us using this form : http://www.kazaa.com/us/privacy/privacyform.htm.






