KaZaA Media Desktop Resource Usage

Installation

When you install KMD the install program, e.g. kmd172_en.exe, is saved to your 
My Shared Folder and shared out to other users. Other users may download this 
file from your computer and by doing so your Internet connection will be used. 
You can delete the file if you do not want this to happen. You can also right 
click the file and select 'Do Not Share This File'.


My Shared Folder

Files that you save in My Shared Folder will be available for any other user of 
KaZaA Media Desktop and compatible programs. These users may find your files and 
subsequently download them from you. By doing so your Internet connection is 
being used.


Your Choices

You have control of what is being shared and how much your Internet connection 
is being used. 

* To disable sharing go to Tools->Options->Traffic and check Disable Sharing
* To disable sharing of selected files  right click the file in My KaZaA and 
select Stop Sharing this file

The KaZaA Media Desktop program is a so called "peer-to-peer" program, this 
means that it communicates with other peers (other KaZaA Media Desktops or 
compatible programs). Other users may download files that you have stored in 
the My Shared Folder and other folders you have specifically selected to be 
Shared.

While your KaZaA Media Desktop is communicating with other peers it receives 
information of the status of interconnected peers, that information is stored 
on your computer. 


Supernode

Your copy of KaZaA Media Desktop may serve as a SuperNode. The selection 
process is automated. When your computer is a SuperNode other peers will upload 
an index of files they are sharing to your computer and they will send search 
queries to your computer. Your computer will reply to these request and also 
forward the request to other SuperNodes. It is not harmful to be a SuperNode. 
No information about you or your computer is obtained by KaZaA. 

If you do not want to serve as a SuperNode go to Tools -> Options -> Advanced 
and check 'Do not function as a SuperNode'. When you are a SuperNode your CPU 
and Internet connection is being used, but not more than 10% of the resources 
will be used.

Altnet

KaZaA Media Desktop regularly downloads an index of available Altnet content. 
This index contains a list of available rights managed files and can in no way 
alter KaZaA Media Desktop or any other part of your computer. KaZaA Media 
Desktop downloads this file without collecting any information about you or 
your computer.


