The software program you are about to install is an "adware" program, 
meaning that we have partnered with Cydoor Technologies to deliver 
small ads to the main window of the application, in order for KaZaA 
to bring targeted advertising. 
The software will display web content such as banner ads, e-commerce offers,
news headlines and other value-added content.  Cydoor Technologies created 
this technology, and provides it to software developers to implement in 
software programs.  In turn, software developers choose to display ads 
so that you can enjoy their products for FREE, and they can still earn 
revenue from advertising.  


How does it work?

The Cydoor component of this software is simply a caching mechanism, 
which stores ads on your hard drive, and displays them only while the 
software program is open.  When the ads have expired, the component deletes 
old ads and contacts Cydoor's servers in order to receive new ones. To do 
this, the Cydoor component uses your Internet connection, which was designed 
to take up the minimum bandwidth on your line. Each ad banner on your hard 
disc is about 10Kbyte.
 
Finally, Cydoor Technologies, wants you to feel 
comfortable using this software.  Be assured that respecting and maintaining
your privacy is KaZaA and Cydoor's top priority ethically and legally. 
If you have any questions or concerns, please visit the Cydoor website, 
www.cydoor.com, where you can review its privacy statement. 

=======================================================================

KaZaA Media Desktop License Agreement 

Welcome to KaZaA Media Desktop (KaZaA). KaZaA provides its service to users, subject to the License Agreement set forth below (the "License Agreement"). PLEASE READ CAREFULLY THIS LICENSE AGREEMENT BEFORE INSTALLING THE KAZAA MEDIA DESKTOP SOFTWARE. If you agree with the terms of this License, please press the 'Yes' button. If you do not agree with it, press 'No' and you should not install the software. We may update this License Agreement from time to time without direct personal notice to you. Continued usage of the KaZaA Media Desktop after portions of the License Agreement are updated and displayed in general on the service means you have accepted all modified terms for continuing usage of this application. 

1. Description of Service

KaZaA Media Desktop is a file sharing community software, which allows KaZaA users to share and retrieve any kind of file from other Kazaa users or users of interconnected networks. (the "Service"). In order to use the KaZaA Media Desktop, you have to first install the KaZaA Media Desktop software, which is available for download at www.kazaa.com and agree to all the terms and conditions of this License. 

KaZaA has no legal or technical means to influence or control the content that is made available by the KaZaA Media Desktop users. Therefore KaZaA has no means to filter or otherwise control the search results presented on the Service. 

Unless explicitly stated otherwise, any new features that augment or enhance the current Service, including the release of new KaZaA properties, shall be subject to the License Agreement.

2. Terms of Service

If you are an adult, to use KaZaA, you must first: (a) register via our web site, (b) read and accept the KaZaA Media Desktop License Agreement of which this Notice and Terms of Service are part, (c) agree to be bound by the terms of that License by pressing the 'Yes' button on the KaZaA Media Desktop download screen and (d) pay the applicable fees. If you are a minor you will become eligible to use KaZaA upon your parent: (a) registering for KaZaA via our web site, (b) reading and accepting the KaZaA Media Desktop License Agreement of which this Notice and Terms of Service are part, (c) agreeing to be bound by the terms of that license by pressing the 'Yes' button on the KaZaA download screen and (d) paying the applicable fees. 

You understand and agree that KaZaA is provided "AS-IS" and that we assume no responsibility for the failure or inaccuracy of KaZaA. You are responsible for paying all applicable taxes and for all hardware, software, service and other costs you may incur in connection with your use of KaZaA, and providing all equipment and software necessary to connect to our web site and to use KaZaA via the Internet. We may add, delete or change some or all of our services provided in connection KaZaA at any time. This may include download of necessary software modules. Any new features that augment or enhance KaZaA will be subject to these notices, terms and conditions and will also be subject to all other applicable KaZaA policies, terms, notices and conditions. We may establish general practices and limits concerning use of KaZaA. For example, we may limit the number of files that you may make accessible to other KaZaA users or the number of files of other KaZaA users that you may access. You agree to accept these general practices and limits as they may be in effect from time to time. In addition, we reserve the right at any time and from time to time to modify or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, KaZaA (or any portion thereof), or your access to KaZaA (or any portion thereof), for any reason or no reason, with or without notice. You agree that we will not be liable to you or to any third party for any modification, suspension or discontinuance of KaZaA or your access to KaZaA.

3. Agreement to Provide True, Correct and Accurate Information for Your Use of KaZaA 

In consideration of your use of KaZaA, you agree that the information you provide to us is and will be true, correct and accurate in all respects, and you agree to update such information as necessary to keep it true, correct and accurate in all respects. If you provide any information that is not true, correct and accurate in all respects, or we have reasonable grounds to suspect that such information is not true, correct and accurate in all respects, we have the right to suspend or terminate your use of KaZaA. You will be asked to establish a user name and password when registering as a KaZaA Media Desktop user. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your password and are fully responsible for all activities that occur under your KaZaA account. You agree 

(i) that you will not provide your KaZaA password to any third party, and you will not allow any third party to access your KaZaA account, 

(ii) to immediately notify us of any unauthorized use of your KaZaA account or any other breach of security and 

(iii) that you will establish and maintain only one KaZaA registration at a time.

4. Registration Obligations for Your Use of KaZaA

KAZAA DOES NOT CONTROL OR HAVE KNOWLEDGE OF ANY OF THE AVAILABLE CONTENT SHARED THROUGH KAZAA MEDIA DESKTOP. ALL CONTENT, SUCH AS MUSIC, AUDIO, VIDEO, PHOTOGRAPHS, TEXT, MESSAGES, OR OTHER MEDIA MATERIALS, WHETHER PUBLICLY POSTED OR PRIVATELY TRANSMITTED, ARE THE ENTIRE RESPONSIBILITY OF THE PERSON FROM WHICH SUCH CONTENT ORIGINATED.

KaZaA does not guarantee the accuracy, integrity, quality or legality of such content. You may be exposed to content that is offensive, indecent or objectionable. Under any circumstances, KaZaA will not be liable in any way for any errors or omissions in any content, or for any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of any content transmitted via the Service. 

You agree to not use the Service to:

a. Transmit any content that is unlawful, harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, invasive of another's privacy, hateful, or racially, ethnically or otherwise objectionable;

b. Harm minors in any way;

c. Impersonate any person or entity or falsely state or otherwise misrepresent your affiliation with a person or entity;

d. Forge headers or otherwise manipulate identifiers in order to disguise the origin of any content transmitted through the Service;

e. Transmit any content that you do not have a right to transmit under any law or under contractual or fiduciary relationships (such as inside information, proprietary and confidential information learned or disclosed as part of employment relationships or under nondisclosure agreements);

f. Transmit any content that infringes any patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright or other proprietary rights ("Rights") of any party;

g. Transmit any material that contains software viruses or any other computer code, files or programs designed to interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of any computer software or hardware or telecommunications equipment;

h. Disrupt the normal flow of dialogue, cause a screen to "scroll" faster than other users of the Service are able to type, or otherwise act in a manner that negatively affects other users' ability to engage in real time exchanges;

i. Interfere with or disrupt the Service or servers or networks connected to the Service, or disobey any requirements, procedures, policies or regulations of networks connected to the Service; 

j. Intentionally or unintentionally violate any applicable local, state, national or international law, including securities exchange and any regulations having the force of law; 

k. "Stalk" or otherwise harass another; or 

l. Collect or store personal data about other users. You acknowledge and agree that KaZaA may preserve content and may also disclose content if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such preservation or disclosure is reasonable necessary to:

	(a) comply with legal process;

	(b) enforce the License Agreement;
	
	(c) respond to claims that any content violates the rights of third-parties; or 

	(d) protect the rights, property, or personal safety of KaZaA, its users and the public.

m. Monitor network traffic or make search requests in order to accumulate information about individual users.

5. Payment and fees

Certain features of the KaZaA Media Desktop may require payment in the future. You shall pay all fees and charges incurred through your account at the rates in effect for the billing period in which such fees and charges are incurred. All fees and charges shall be billed to you, and you shall be solely responsible for their payment. You shall pay all applicable taxes relating to the use of the Service through your account. Certain portions of the Service or the Service as a whole may require a prepaid fee ("Prepaid Fee"). The Prepaid Fee, and all taxes and other fees related thereto will be paid by you in advance. In no event will you receive any portions of the Service or the Service as a whole if a Prepaid Fee is required unless KaZaA receives all fees and charges payable by you, including the Prepaid Fee. If you do not pay the applicable fees within the prescribed period of time your account will be terminated immediately, without limiting KaZaA's right to demand payment of fees and damages at a later time. 

6. Copyright Infringement and Copyright Repeat Offenders 

KaZaA respects copyright and other laws. KaZaA expects all KaZaA Desktop users to do the same. As a condition to use KaZaA Media Desktop, you must agree that you will not use KaZaA's Service to infringe the intellectual property or other rights of others in any way. Unauthorized copy, distribution, modification, public display, or public performance of copyrighted works is an infringement of the copyright holders' rights. Users should not use the KaZaA's Service to obtain any personal information about any KaZaA users or to modify, delete or damage any information contained on the PC of any user connected to the KaZaA Service. Users are entirely responsible for their conduct and for ensuring that it comports with all applicable laws, including all copyright and data-protection laws. In case a user fails to comply with laws regarding copyrights or other intellectual property rights and data-protection and privacy, such a user may, by the relevant authorities, be exposed to civil and criminal liability, includ
ing fines and jail time. 

7. License

The KaZaA Media Desktop software and documentation accompanying this License whether on disk, in read only memory, on any other media or in any other form are licensed to you by KaZaA. You own the media on which the KaZaA Desktop software is recorded but KaZaA retains title to the KaZaA Media Desktop software. The KaZaA Desktop software in this package or that you have downloaded, as applicable, and any copies which this License authorizes you to make are subject to this License. 

8. Permitted Uses and Restrictions

This License allows you to install and use the KaZaA Desktop software on a single computer. This License does not permit you to install the software on more than one computer at a time. You may make one copy of the KaZaA Desktop software in machine-readable form for backup purposes only. The backup copy must include all copyright information contained on the original. 

Except as expressly permitted in this License, you agree not to reverse engineer, de-compile, disassemble, alter, duplicate, modify, rent, lease, loan, sublicense, make copies, create derivative works from, distribute or provide others with the KaZaA software in whole or part or transmit the application over a network. You may, however, transfer your rights under this License provided you transfer the related documentation, this License and a copy of the KaZaA software to a party who agrees to accept the terms of this License and destroy any other copies of the KaZaA software in your possession. Your rights under this License will terminate automatically without prior notice from KaZaA if you fail to comply with any term(s) of this License. 

By accepting the terms of this License Agreement you agree that KaZaA is permitted to limit, deny, create different priorities to different users, update or cancel some or all of the functionality of this application at any time, without prior notice. 

9. KaZaA's Right to Run Advertising Without Compensation to Users

KaZaA reserves the right to run advertisements and promotions on all pages of the KaZaA web sites and the KaZaA Media Desktop. By accessing your KaZaA and KaZaA accounts, you agree that we have the right to run such advertisements and promotions without compensation to you. The timing, frequency, placement and extent of advertising by us within the pages comprising your KaZaA account is subject to change and shall be determined by us in our sole discretion. Your correspondence or business dealings with, or participation in promotions of, advertisers found on or through the KaZaA web sites or KaZaA Media Desktop, including payment and delivery of related goods or services, and any other terms, conditions, warranties or representations associated with such dealings, are solely between you and such advertiser. You agree that KaZaA will not be responsible or liable for any loss or damage of any sort incurred as the result of any such dealings or as the result of the presence of such advertisers on the KaZaA web 
sites or KaZaA Media Desktop.

10. Links to Third-Party Sites 

The KaZaA Media Desktop may provide, or third parties may provide, links to other World Wide Web sites or other Internet resources. Any third-party sites to which the KaZaA Media Desktop may link are not under control of KaZaA. KaZaA does not have any responsibility or liability for any information, contents, communications or materials available on such third-party sites. 

11. Third Party Software 

During the process of installing KaZaA, you may also be offered the possibility to download or install software from third party software vendors pursuant to license agreements or other arrangements between such vendors and yourself ("Third Party Software"). In the event you do not wish to download this THIRD PARTY SOFTWARE you should uncheck the appropriate boxes. Please note that the THIRD PARTY SOFTWARE is subject to different license agreements or other arrangements, which you should read carefully, compared to the Terms of Service of KaZaA. By downloading and using this THIRD PARTY SOFTWARE you accept these THIRD PARTY SOFTWARE license agreements or other arrangements and acknowledge that you have read them and understand them. KaZaA does not sell, resell, or license any of this THIRD PARTY SOFTWARE, and KaZaA disclaims to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, any responsibility for or liability related to the THIRD PARTY SOFTWARE. Any questions, complaints or claims related to the THIRD PARTY SOFTWARE should be directed to the appropriate vendor. 

THE THIRD PARTY SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY KAZAA "AS IS" AND "WITH ALL FAULTS". KAZAA MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND CONCERNING THE QUALITY, SAFETY OR SUITABILITY OF THIS SOFTWARE, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A 
PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT WILL KAZAA BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, PUNITIVE, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES HOWEVER THEY MAY ARISE AND EVEN IF KAZAA HAS BEEN PREVIOUSLY ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. 

There are inherent dangers in the use of any software available for downloading on the Internet, and KaZaA cautions you to make sure that you completely understand the potential risks before downloading any of the THIRD PARTY SOFTWARE. You are solely responsible for adequate protection and backup of the data and equipment used in connection with any of the THIRD PARTY SOFTWARE, and KaZaA will not be liable for any damages that you may suffer in connection with using, modifying or distributing any of the THIRD PARTY SOFTWARE. 


12. Applicable law

a. This License Agreement as well as all disputes arising out of or in connection with this Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the Netherlands, without regard to or application of choice of law rules or principles.

b. Any dispute arising out of or in connection with this License Agreement, or in future agreements resulting there from, shall be exclusively resolved before the competent court in Amsterdam, the Netherlands.

13. Special Admonitions for International Use 

Recognising the global nature of the Internet, you agree to comply with all local rules regarding online conduct and acceptable content. Specifically, you agree to comply with all applicable laws regarding copyright and the transmission of technical data exported from the country in which you reside. 

14. Indemnification

KaZaA Media Desktop users must agree to indemnify and hold KaZaA, and its subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, agents, co-branders or other partners, and employees, harmless from any claim or demand, including reasonable attorneys' fees, made by any third party due to or arising out of content you submit, post to or transmit through the Service, your use of the Service, your connection to the Service, your violation of the License Agreement, or your violation of any rights of another. 

15. No Resale or Service  
 
None of KaZaA's users is allowed to reproduce, duplicate, copy, sell, resell or exploit for any commercial purposes, any portion of the Service, use of the Service, or access to the Service.  

16. Modifications to or Suspension of Service 

KaZaA reserves the right to modify or discontinue the Service temporarily or permanently, at any time, with or without notice. KaZaA will attempt to provide reasonable notice of such changes to the services or the site. 

17. Termination 

KaZaA reserves the right to terminate this License Agreement immediately and without prior notice for any or no cause, at any time. Without limiting the preceding sentence, KaZaA may terminate your use of the Service or access to the site immediately and without notice if:

(a) you violate the License Agreement,

(b) you infringe the intellectual property rights of a third party in connection with the Services, or 

(c) any material transmitted by you to the site violates any applicable laws or rights of any third party. 

18. KaZaA's Proprietary Rights 

The KaZaA name, the KaZaA logo, and other KaZaA related properties are trademarks of KaZaA. All other trademarks appearing on the Service are trademarks of their respective owners. 

19. Disclaimer of Warranties 

The services, content, audio transmissions or other date of any kind or nature made available at the site are provided "AS IS", and "AS AVAILABLE" basis or at the specific providers own terms. All representations and warranties, either express or implied are disclaimed, including but not limited to, warranties of title, non-infringement, merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose. KaZaA makes no warranty, representation or guaranty as to the content, accuracy, timeliness or completeness of the site or the information or that the information may be relied upon for any reason. Any material downloaded through the service is done at your own discretion and risk and that you will be solely responsible for any damage to your computer system or loss of data that results from the download or use of any such material. 

20. Limitation of Liability 

You understand and agree that KaZaA shall not be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, consequential, or exemplary damages, including but not limited to damages for loss of profits, goodwill, use, data or other intangible losses, resulting from:

(i) the use or the inability to use the service;

(ii) the cost of procurement of substitute goods, data, information or services purchased or obtained or messages received or transactions entered into through or from the service;

(iii) unauthorised access to or alteration of your transmissions or data; 

(iv) statements or conduct of any third party on the service; or

(v) any other matter relating to the service. 

21. Wilful misconduct and death or injury 

The limitation of liability referred to in article 19 shall not apply in the event of (i) wilful misconduct or gross negligence on the part of KaZaA and/or (ii) in the event of claims for compensation as a result of death or injury. However, in no event shall KaZaA's total liability to you for all damages exceed the amount of a hundred Dutch guilders (FL. 100,--). 

22. Notice 

The Service may provide notices of changes to the License Agreement or other matters by displaying notices or links to notices to you generally on the Service. You are obliged to update you knowledge hereto continuously. Lack of knowledge does not imply that these terms are not accepted by you. 

23. Miscellaneous 

a. This License Agreement constitutes the entire understanding of you and the KaZaA Desktop application with respect to the subject matter hereof. There are no understandings, agreements, conditions or representations, oral or written, express or implied, with reference to the subject matter hereof that are not merged herein, expressly referenced herein, or superseded hereby. 

b. You also may be subject to additional terms and conditions that may apply when you use affiliate services, third-party content or third-party software.

c. The failure or delay of KaZaA to exercise or enforce any rights or provision of the License Agreement may not constitute a waiver of such right or provision. 

d. All provisions which must survive in order to give effect to their meaning, shall survive any expiration or termination of this License Agreement, including without limitation all of your representations, warranties and indemnification obligations. 

e. Should any part of this License Agreement be held invalid by any court or tribunal, such invalidity shall not affect the validity of any remaining part, which will remain in full force and effect as if this License Agreement had been executed without that part having been held to be invalid.



July 2001